---
Type:
  - Religious
  - Government
---
The Church of [[Kolif'rem]] is the monotheistic religion that rules [[Escher]] alongside its [[Escherian Monarchy|monarchs]] and the [[Noble Assembly]]. It has a temple in every major city and maintains a shrine in most small towns as well. The temples are stacked with clerics, which are plentiful in [[Escher]]; paladins staff many of the Church's operations as well, but it isn't a very monastic religion--why would a devotee of [[Kolif'rem]] engage in martial combat when they could shoot you with a pistol forged with the holy fire provided by their god?

The Church of [[Kolif'rem]] encompasses three domains: Light, Order, and Forge. Light clerics make up most of the church leadership, while Order clerics work as enforcers of church law; forge clerics are responsible for invention and creation, building the nation's infrastructure and providing support to its brilliant inventors. Each major temple is overseen by an archcleric, usually but not always a Light cleric, known as the Lightbringer. A temple's Lightbringer is responsible for the temple's operation and maintaining the temple's eternal flame. The Lightbringer of the High Temple, located in [[Orbwick]], is known as the Radiant. The church's current Radiant is a human woman named [[Josephine Scorch]], a powerful and fanatical light cleric who was left at a temple doorstep as a baby and climbed the church ranks quickly, becoming the youngest ever Lightbringer at 16. She has been the Radiant for close to 40 years.

The Radiant, in addition to overseeing the High temple, is responsible for being the Church's representative at the High Council, meetings between [[Escherian Monarchy|the monarchy]], the [[Noble Assembly]], and the Church where [[Escher]]'s governance is overseen. Each branch of [[Escher]]'s government is given six seats at the table, but Radiant Scorch is known for bucking traditions by showing up to these meetings without the usual entourage of Lightbringers.